COMPILATION
*NIX:
To compile on *NIX, you need the following libraries, including their headers:
o asio
o boost
o sdl
o sdlimg
o libgmp
o OpenGL (at least 1.1)
o tcl8.5
o itcl3.4
o tcl-tls
o tcllib
o libpng
o libpng++

To compile, do
  ./configure
  make

If your OpenGL headers do not supply GL extension functions, instead use
  ./configure --disable-gl21 --disable-gl32
You may also need the --disable-gl32 and possible --disable-gl21 if your
OpenGL library does not have the necessary functions.

Windows:
To compile on Windows, you must have Visual Studio 2010 or newer. All
dependencies must be placed within a directory named "external" under the
MSVC2010 directory; refer to the project properties for the subdirectory
structure.

You will also need to provide the runtime dependencies, in the form of DLLs
and the Tcl libraries. These are most easily obtained from the official Windows
distribution of Abendstern found at
  http://abendstern.servegame.com/download.shtml

INSTALLING
To install Abendstern, simply run "sudo make install" (or "make install" if you
know you have sufficient privelages to write to $prefix).

Abendstern can be uninstalled with a corresponding "make uninstall".

RUNNING
*NIX:
Within the Abendstern directory, run one of the following, based on your
OpenGL version (if in doubt, try the higher version first):
  abendsternuxgl32
  abendsternuxgl21
  abendsternuxgl14

Windows:
Just run Abendstern.exe in the project root.

The executables understand the following options:
  -H, -Headless		Run without graphics
  -f, -fullscreen	Run in fullscreen mode, ignoring the config file
  -W, -Windowed		Run in windowed mode, ignoring the config file
  -h, -height arg	Set window or resolution height to arg
  -w, -width arg	Set window or resolution width to arg
  -b, -bits arg		Set screen bit-depth to arg
  -c, -cache arg	Only use up to arg MB of RAM for config data
  -F, -Fast		Ignore wall time; assume each frame is 10 ms long
  -!			(Currently non-functional on UNIX)
  			Don't check OpenGL version, and continue on anyway.
  			(This is the default behaviour on UNIX).
  -?			Print usage information
